Project Role : Integration Engineer
Project Role Description :Project Role : Integration Engineer
Project Role Description : Provide consultative Business and System Integration services to help clients implement effective solutions. Understand and translate customer needs into business and technology solutions. Drive discussions and consult on transformation, the customer journey, functional/application designs and ensure technology and business solutions represent business requirements.
Must have skills : Microsoft 365
Good to have skills : Microsoft Exchange Server, Microsoft 365 Security & Compliance, Microsoft Power Business Intelligence (BI)
Minimum 2 year(s) of experience is required
Educational Qualification : 15 years full time education

Summary: As an Integration Engineer, you will provide consultative Business and System Integration services to help clients implement effective solutions. You will understand and translate customer needs into business and technology solutions, drive discussions and consult on transformation, the customer journey, functional/application designs, and ensure technology and business solutions represent business requirements. Your typical day will involve providing consultative services, understanding customer needs, and driving discussions to deliver effective solutions. Roles & Responsibilities: - Expected to perform independently and become an SME. - Required active participation/contribution in team discussions. - Contribute in providing solutions to work related problems. - Collaborate with clients to understand their business and technology needs. - Translate customer requirements into functional/application designs. - Provide consultative services on transformation and the customer journey. - Ensure technology and business solutions align with business requirements. - Collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver effective solutions. Professional & Technical Skills: - Must To Have Skills: Proficiency in Microsoft 365. - Good To Have Skills: Experience with Microsoft Exchange Server, Microsoft Power BI, Microsoft 365 Security & Compliance. - Strong understanding of business and technology integration. - Experience in translating customer requirements into functional/application designs. - Knowledge of cloud-based solutions and technologies. - Familiarity with data migration and integration processes. Additional Information: - The candidate should have a minimum of 2 years of experience in Microsoft 365. - This position is based at our Bengaluru office. - A 15 years full time education is required.
Management Level : 11
Work Experience : >=12 Months
Work location : Bengaluru
Must Have Skills : Microsoft 365
Good To Have Skills : Microsoft 365 Security & Compliance, Microsoft Exchange Server, Microsoft Power Business Intelligence (BI)
Job Requirements :
15 years full time education